Hi guys, look here again with one more.
video for you
and today I'm going to show the gameplay of
angry birds star wars
the new rovio game released yesterday 8
of November he is simply
sensational very good and I'm addicted
only this start is already more people but
come on
here is the first planet of touch in
who is from the first film a new
hope text of death or the second
which is the empire strikes and the
third is the return of geday
not yet available but they will
update and release will also have the
way of the geday that is when what goes
there with the yoda
but he is one of those that you have to
buy it then 99 to buy it
planet
I did not buy also has the planet of
Bonus that's really cool you have to
Find out how you're playing and the one here.
It is with 63 proea with useful art also the
well the difference is who you go
unlock one of the characters
I say okay, everyone here.
you will then playing for example
quinta 30 a igual em ubud normal por
example here is the look
but I do not think it 's with the
power in haiti not know
you saw that all this he put there and
You lord that destroyed the whole parade.
you touch him the difference is the thematic
about the game
for example I'm here with obvious am
I have to be careful watching it.
all of which we have
feature of the movie eg I
I think it 's a geday.
and he uses the strength to
End the crowd when you click and
uses the very force to gallas hail of
when you finish level close with a
symbol
When you pass, look at the transition.
Just like the movie they thought of everything.
really shows that now in the
second planet that is the one left from death
there it is different and it has to do with the
there is already the gameplay of angry birds
space that already has new for us
to experience that they want to
sometimes even if divided into three
I think I think my son
each one has its characteristic
any super cool and that's it I do not
I'm going to play more levels than not
spoil the surprise for you is to see only
played here from c3 paper for you to see
How cool is cut cut to?
today I know
as soon as they let go and go
straight on the few they mother and c3 was looks
and a kind that can kind the black bird
I know it's a good phase in these people like
You'll find it in the course of the game.
Anyway, this game is amazing as I
I said I 'm addicted who will spend
more is who likes star wars right now because
It does not really have much of a difference
others games
angry birds is no longer my focus is what
would be eagle on the normal billboard
it can save those at those levels
that you can not get well so that's it
people
This game is available in the apple store
enjoying 99 cents for iphone ipod
touch and 99 stops and asks to whom we and
star wars and angry birds is a you have
who buy this game because it is
sensational
so I hope you have enjoyed
this was the gameplay jack gold star wars
see you next time